# Assignment8
 The Employee Management System (50 points) If you can recall, in lab 09 we built an Employee Management application that allowed the user to show all employees, add an employee, and delete an employee. The user had to enter the commands manually within a JavaScript prompt. In this part of the assignment you will rebuild that lab using forms, form objects, and you will script all of the code using DOM scripting techniques. When building the application, keep the following points in mind: •	As was the case with lab 09, you will use an array (multi-dimensional) to persist the employee data for this application.  •	Include 5 employees to start with so that the user can see employees in the system as soon as the application loads. •	When the application loads, when a new employee is added, or when an existing employee is deleted, employees should appear neatly structured within a table. A column should be made available for name, title, extension, and a fourth column for the delete button (see example below). •	The application should include 3 text boxes and 1 button across the top of the page that allows the user to add a new name, title, and extension for the employee being added to the system. •	Use JavaScript to check and make sure that the user enter a value within each of the 3 text boxes. Do not use the Required attribute here…use JavaScript! If the user fails to enter a value in the text box and clicks the Add button, display a red error message next to that text box. •	Display the count of employees in the system within the header. Ex: “Showing 3 Employees” •	Next to each employee in the table, a delete button should be visible that when clicked, deletes that employee from the system. •	You do not need to use Web Storage for this assignment.
